your file shares no kills but to become
a double though it takes two how did you
die
no contact not well you needn't worry
the second is yes
considerably
the man was loose chief private banker
to the world terrorists which would
explain how he could set up a
high-stakes poker game at Casino Royale
in Montenegro if he loses this game
he'll have nowhere to run the best
player in the service the Treasury has
agreed to stake you in the game but if
you lose our government will have
directly financed terrorism
I will be keeping my eye on a
government's money and off your
perfectly-formed nails you noticed I
[Music]
hope our little game isn't causing you
to perspire it doesn't bother killing
those people well I wouldn't be very
good at my job if it did
haha girl melted your cold heart yet
James get the girl out you're not going
to let me in there
you've got your on my back I have no
honor left
[Applause]
you've stripped it from me
whatever is left of me whatever I am
I'm yours the only question remains
were you healed in time
[Music]